Okay,
guys,
um,
welcome back.
The number Shape method.
Now,
how did you do in the quest?
I bet you aced it.
If no,
we have another simple system for single digit numbers coming up now.
Now the shapes that suggests here of the ones I use.
If you have a better idea,
please just use that.
Ready.
Higos zero Football womb flagpole to swan.
Three handcuffs,
Full sail.
Boat five hook six elephants Trunk,
seven boomerang,
eight snowmen.
Nine.
Balloon on a string.
Okay,
got them.
Now let's put them to the test right now.
Picture each of these scenes for about 10 seconds.
How many moons does miles have to imagine the swan eating a Mars bar?
How many long,
stale belts did the boxer Henry Cooper win three.
Imagine Henry Cooper boxing in handcuffs.
How maney Gospels are there in the New Testament.
Four.
Imagine a gospel choir on a sailboat.
How many stars on the flag of Australia?
Six.
Imagine elephants singing at the Sydney all.
Perhaps because they're stars.
How many humans have set foot on the moon in the last decade?
Zero.
Imagine the moon as a football.
Okay.
It's worth noting that neither of the two systems we've looked at so far is better than the
other.
I personally used both into change,
Oblique.
If I had to go to the police station at 3 p.m. The handcuffs from the number shape system
would be a much more appropriate pneumonic than a tree.
See what I mean?
So if you have a favorite or you find one significantly easier to work with them,
the other go with that.
But have the other in reserve.
Okay,
One more quick quiz and then we're into the serious but fun stuff.
I'll see you after that.